hello girls and welcome to this video
then, as you can see, it's a make
up tutorial where I used to do it
more a brand a single brand that is
call freedon make up
a few days ago I was contacted
from the beauty cloud.com site and they have me
asked if he would like to receive to try
preview these products of this
brand that has just come out brand new
just launched is called freedom mica
freedom and cap
now the trail of makeup revolution
very low prices with the promise of
a professional brawl
I have received this palette
lots of colors and I have to say that I do
like them they are very pigmented though
a little though true seventh for the price that
I think it costs 6 pounds
then I received this palette for
redraw eyebrows that
pretty much very similar to that
by mika rivolution right in the packaging
and these are eight colors inside
and the palette opened with a small che
the viewfinder is a tweezer but I don't
sold this lipstick that also in the
packaging is the same as make-up
revolution and inside there is precisely the
very very creamy lipstick
maybe a little too much because it risks
go tickets neither but also
fairly pigmented l'oms between mega
pigmented but recently pigmented
the only thing is that it is very creamy and
then ready to go then legislative
the product here is actually more
satisfied is this browser palette
if you see it inside practically there
are three colors are darker or better
the one actually clear this case
just to do the touring
because the browser is not too orange
and I use this very light color
to do her lighting then for
illuminate the area under the eye and me
really like this was the
council
I must say that the products on average me
I liked some certainly do not talk about mac
we are not talking about a quality of those
levels but for the price they have
because many products are around
around a pound then a pound
pounds for example expensive I think it is
it should be read that it costs 6 pounds so
however we are talking about a very brand
cheap I have to say that he has me
satisfied everyone below
I leave you now the realization of the
trick and we'll see each other
video as always I start my make up
applying a primer over the whole
mobile eyelid and also under the rhyme
lower eye
in this case used that of
let the last moments be me
I like very much then I take mine
palette freedom mica I mix between
a fuchsia and a brown this because
I wanted a color that wasn't too much
lit up like fuchsia and giving itself a little
the brown seen that lipstick that I will go
to apply later
blend the contours with a brush
clean then do a mix between a mormon
clear and a very dark and I go to
create my transition color
keeping the color more intense towards
the upper eyelid and a little more tenuous
towards the eyebrow arch
in the outer corner instead to create
a look a little more sexy ex po more
deep opted for a very purple lot
dark almost black and then I go to blend it
with a clean brush
and then I go over the color on the eyelid
mobile because with all this fading is
gone a little to fade
I'm going to apply it even under the rhyme
lower eye creating this
line to the inner corner that is
very easy to make and is much more
simple to do that to say
in the internal rim of the eye I lay the
black pencil or this other use of
tip and I love it because
very soft and in step with a
brush and I go to lightly blend the
color
in the inner corner instead I extend a
silver as a light point
but
for this place thought that you liner
could not miss what I do one
line not too thin to say the
true as I like it quite thick and
beautiful black
to give the idea of ​​a look again
more sexy I'm going to recreate my corner
internal always with the e the udur giving it
I apply this cat 's eyelashes
fake and so much mascara either
on the upper lashes than on that one
lower
clean up the area below the eye
I clear my eyes and light them with a
corrector
at this point of drawing le
eyebrows and use this kit
freedom make up and I also used it
same small brush that came out in the
palette is not very comfortable but you can
quietly use
fixed the concealer under the eyes with
the lightest color of this palette
that I find it perfect to illuminate the
area and then heats a complexion with the
darker color
what here
this is mine at the illuminant
loyal mary lou manager of the
I have to be sincere ballet
using no other illuminating though
not this one
God
I finish the nook with the lipstick too
this makes a makeup the color me
really like the only problem is that
extremely creamy and can be annoying
because when it was ending in
fine lines or lips but apart
this is very comfortable and for the
price he has I can only promote it
the look is finished I hope there is
liked it and we see each other next
video